Add unit testing page (#155)
FabricMC/fabric-docs: develop/ide-tips-and-tricks.md

![Lambda with many parameters](/assets/develop/misc/using-the-ide/util_01.png)

### Code Generation {#code-generation}

The Generate menu can be quickly accessed with <kbd>⌘/CTRL</kbd><kbd>N</kbd>.
In a Java file, you will be able to generate constructors, getters, setters, and override or implement methods, and much more.

> You can also generate accessors and invokers if you have the mcdev plugin installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also generate accessors and invokers if you have the [Minecraft Development plugin](./getting-started/setting-up-a-development-environment#minecraft-development) installed.
```

![Lambda with many parameters](/assets/develop/misc/using-the-ide/util_01.png)

### Code Generation {#code-generation}

> The Generate menu can be quickly accessed with <kbd>COMMAND</kbd>/<kbd>CTRL</kbd> + <kbd>N</kbd>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Generate menu can be quickly accessed with <kbd>⌘/CTRL</kbd><kbd>N</kbd>.
```

> In a java file, you will be at least given options for generating constructors, getters, setters, override & implement methods, and much more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a Java file, you will be able to generate constructors, getters, setters, and override or implement methods, and much more.
```

> You can also generate accessors and invokers if you have the mcdev plugin installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also generate accessors and invokers if you have the `mcdev` plugin installed.
```

Reviewer 2: Honestly should just be "Minecraft Development" but mcdev is a suitable short-hand for it, dont see why it has to be in a code snippet.

In addition, you can quickly override methods with <kbd>CTRL</kbd> + <kbd>O</kbd>

> and implement methods with <kbd>CTRL</kbd> + <kbd>I</kbd>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, you can quickly override methods with <kbd>⌘/CTRL</kbd><kbd>O</kbd> and implement methods with <kbd>⌘/CTRL</kbd><kbd>I</kbd>.
```

> ![Code generation menu in a java file](/assets/develop/misc/using-the-ide/generate_01.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Code generation menu in a Java file](/assets/develop/misc/using-the-ide/generate_01.png)
```

> In a java test file, you will be given options to generate testing related methods, as follows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a Java test file, you will be given options to generate related testing methods, as follows:
```

> ![Code generation menu in a java test file](/assets/develop/misc/using-the-ide/generate_02.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Code generation menu in a Java test file](/assets/develop/misc/using-the-ide/generate_02.png)
```
